(docs) Fix absolute links and correct puppetdb config location (#1316)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/using_plugins.md

## PuppetDB

The PuppetDB plugin supports looking up targets from PuppetDB. It takes a `query` field, which is
either a string containing a [PQL](https://puppet.com/docs/puppetdb/latest/api/query/v4/pql.html)
query or an array containing a [PuppetDB

> AST](https://puppet.com/docs/puppetdb/latest/api/query/v4/ast.html) format query. The query is used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AST](https://puppet.com/docs/puppetdb/latest/api/query/v4/ast.html)-format query. The query is used
```

> AST](https://puppet.com/docs/puppetdb/latest/api/query/v4/ast.html) format query. The query is used

Reviewer: Recommend `The query determines which targets...`

> to determine which targets should be included in the group. If `name` or `uri` is not specified with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which targets to include in the group. If `name` or `uri` is not specified with
```

> a fact lookup then the `[certname]` for each target in the query result will be used as the `uri`

Reviewer 2: Seems like removing the link to `fact lookup` is correct as there is no header for that. Do we need to add a section for that?

Author: @adreyer @K8med ^^  I don't think so, 'fact lookup' feels like it's relatively self explanatory in context? But that could also be because I know what we mean :stuck_out_tongue:

Reviewer 3: Since we don't describe it until lower I think something more could be said at this point.

Author: Ok, added another header level and linked this to that.
